[Music]
during another summer with his Aunt
Petunia and Uncle Vernon Harry Potter
and Dudley are attacked by Dementors
after using magic to save Dudley and
himself Harry is expelled from Hogwarts
but the decision is later reversed after
a hearing at the Ministry of Magic Harry
is whisked off by a group of wizards
including mad-eye moody Remus Lupin and
several new faces including Nymphadora
Tonks and Kingsley Shacklebolt they go
to number 12 Grimmauld place the
childhood home of his Godfather Sirius
Black the building also serves as the
headquarters of the order of the Phoenix
a secret organization founded by Albus
Dumbledore which informs Harry Potter
that the Ministry of Magic is oblivious
to Lord Voldemort's return at the
order's headquarters Sirius Black
mentions that Voldemort is after an
object he did not have during his
previous attack back at Hogwarts Harry
learns that Minister of Magic Cornelius
fudge has appointed a new Defense
Against the Dark Arts professor Dolores
Umbridge she and Harry immediately clash
and she punishes Harry for his lies by
forcing him to write a message with a
magic quill scarring his hand when his
friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger
notice Harry's scars they are outraged
but Harry refuses to go to Dumbledore
who has distanced himself from Harry
since the summer as umbrage is control
over the school increases Ron and
Hermione aid Harry in forming a secret
group to train students in defensive
spells calling themselves Dumbledore's
Army Umbridge recruits the Slytherin
students to expose the group meanwhile
Harry and Cho Chang develop romantic
feelings for each other Harry has a
vision involving an attack upon Arthur
Weasley from the point of view of
Arthur's attacker concerned that
Voldemort will exploit this connection
to Harry
Dumbledore instruct Severus Snape to
give Harry aa Clementi lessons to defend
his mind from Voldemort's influence the
connection between Harry and Voldemort
leads Harry to further isolate himself
from his friends meanwhile Bellatrix
Lestrange Sirius is deranged Death Eater
cousin escapes from Azkaban along with
nine other Death Eaters at Hogwarts
Umbridge and her inquisitorial squad
exposed Dumbledore's Army Dumbledore
escapes as fudge orders his arrest
Umbridge becomes the new headmistress
Harry's relationship with Cho falls
apart as he believes she betrayed
Dumbledore's Army two umbrage Harry
discovers through Snape's memories why
Snape hated
Ares father James who often ridiculed
him Harry has another vision this one of
serious being tortured by Voldemort
Harry Ron and Hermione rushed to
Umbridge his fireplace to alert the
order via the flue network since hers is
the only fireplace not being monitored
but umbrage stops them before they can
do so as umbrage tortures Harry Hermione
trick Sun bridge into entering the
Forbidden Forest in search of Dumbledore
secret weapon she and Harry lead her to
the hiding place of Hagrid's giant
half-brother drop only to be confronted
by centaurs who kidnap on bridge after
she attacks and insults them Harry
Hermione Ron Luna Lovegood neville
longbottom and Ginny Weasley fly to the
Ministry of Magic on thestrals in an
attempt to save Sirius the six enter the
Department of mysteries where they in
cover a bottled prophecy the object fall
Tamar was after however they are
ambushed by Death Eaters including
Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange
Lucius reveals that Harry only saw a
dream of Sirius being tortured it was
simply a ruse to lure Harry into the
Death Eaters grasp
Harry refuses to give Lucius the
prophecy and a fight between
Dumbledore's Army and the Death Eaters
ensues the Death Eaters take everyone
except Harry as hostages threatening to
kill them unless he surrenders the
prophecy Harry obliges just as Sirius
and Remus Lupin arrived with order
members Nymphadora Kingsley and mad-eye
Moody as they attacked the Death Eaters
Lucius dropped the prophecy destroying
it just as Sirius overpowers Lucius
Bellatrix killed Sirius
Volta Mort appears but Dumbledore
arrives through the flue network moments
before Voldemort can kill Harry a duel
between Baltimore and Dumbledore ensues
destroying much of the atrium while
Bellatrix escapes after the to prove
evenly matched
Baltimore possesses Harry to try to get
Dumbledore to sacrifice Harry but the
love Harry feels for his friends and
Sirius makes it impossible for Voldemort
to remain in his body ministry officials
arrived before Voldemort gets away fudge
is forced to admit that Voldemort has
returned and is forced out of his
position as Minister in disgrace
Umbridge is removed from Hogwarts and
Dumbledore returns as headmaster
Dumbledore explains that he distanced
himself from Harry throughout the year
hoping it would lessen the risk of all
temor using their connection
Harry comes to terms with the prophecy
neither can live while the other
survives
[Music]